96 on just FN emanate 49 good morning it
is deeply Oh Cloudy with scattered
showers today high 54 rain tonight low
45 52 right now in the Kip fee yes
ladies and gentlemen yes it is the time
you've all been ever work great yeah how
did you not take cosplay abusable I
thought it said it was recording but
there must have been a technological
error I think you need to have to spin
the wheel twice because that's not my
fault
yeah Annie's got to spin the wheel if
you missed it I yes Annie's got to spin
the wheel twice so she's going to reel a
torture which has 16 spaces on it and
each space corresponds to something
special there is a free pass on the air
there's also audience oh yeah as a
couple things we took out like fields of
mousetraps is not in there I'll go ahead
and spend
I know is number eight is precast and
he's been pretty lucky with the
precaster comes no why no no go go go
number number 12 number 12 is eat one
anchovy yeah and and the second thing
bring that a little harder I don't know
to stop spinning on Tuesday so the world
of the wheel Oh torture number 16 is
where pantyhose over your head for 30
minutes and yes we will have video of
you why all of them no you know we like
my shirt I'm gonna gimme the anchovy
I'll puke good so what's gonna happen oh
good
it'll have it on tape anyway I'll do
that we'll sit down we'll get you all
set up yeah actually you know what any
grandpa your camera yeah videotape me I
got a spinning wheel uh the musical
chairs yeah the fuzz is going to spin
and spin away for the Reno all the way
he's going to videotape it spin away as
it goes around one okay fuzzy God
here comes the free pass number 14 Felix
Paradis the audience choice of what to
do is number 14 on the list so now what
right now is you guys with Nano is
called the playoffs up going to eat my
intro before me one no no no no kissing
on six one you choose what fuzzy has to
do off of the wheel of torture should he
have to duct tape his mouth shut
should he have to wear the pantyhose
like Annie over said for 13 should he
have to eat an anchovy eat something out
of the word for what you can you can
give me the free pass to yes they can
give any to get will anything off the
wheel